# What did I do today?
Hello Mr. Justin, I want to apologize for the lack of pull requests lately, but here
is what I've done in the past week or so

- When testing the YAGSL swerve code I also noticed that the robot heading was also increidbly
off, so I thought that to really isolate the issue we should move the gyro to the center of the
robot, since that would be the ideal positioning. I did this after first debugging using the
eight-steps-method written in the YAGSL documentation which came to no avail. I rewired the
drivebase with Yucari and Miki, and also connected LEDs to test if they would light up (they did). 
I really liked working with both Miki and Yucari, they were very eager to learn and contribute. I hope that I was able to teach them some valuable things about the intersection between electronics and programming knowledge. The wiring is pretty much almost done -- all that is left is CAN and the radio.
- Secondly, the globalConfig in the elevator is not pushing to the NEOs. When testing the elevator
code today, even when adjusting the booleans within the inverted methods no changes pushed
to the motors themselves. This also includes the brake feature? It is set to brake in REV as well, 
but the motors are not staying stationary when we move it with the controller. After writing this I'm
going to be looking at the REVLib documentation and check over what you and others have written in that subsystem.
- I instructed Navjot and Gurwinder to write Pivot code and they have pushed their edits to a branch. However, we don't want to open a PR yet because we aren't sure if it works. When we tested it last,
the SparkMAXes weren't configured and we spent the rest of the afternoon debugging CAN. We hope to
test them tomorrow......................? It is looking like next step after fixing the motor input 
would be to implement the through bore encoders and setting state positions / button bindings for 
L1-3? Idk boss man 
- Miki wrote LED code, methods to change the color of the LEDs from rainbow to red, but I'm unsure
if she pushed the branch to the upstream. We are looking to have LEDs run up the sides of 
the elevator.

P.S. I used github desktop to push this!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No more terminal. I meant to push this
earlier but my computer was so slow today that it didnt push on time 